OBSDOCS-674: Split LokiStack CR into own modules, move object storage docs (#68952)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-loki-gui-install.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// logging/log_storage/installing-log-storage.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="logging-loki-gui-install_{context}"]

> = Installing the {loki-op} using the {product-title} web console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Installing the {loki-op} by using the {product-title} web console
```

> To install and configure logging on your {product-title} cluster, additional Operators must be installed. This can be done from the Operator Hub within the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install and configure logging on your {product-title} cluster, you must install additional Operators from the Operator Hub within the web console.
```

Author: Out of scope

> * You have access to a supported object store (AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure, Swift, Minio, OpenShift Data Foundation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to a supported object store (AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure, Swift, Minio, or {rh-storage}).
```

* You have administrator permissions.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

> . In the {product-title} web console *Administrator* perspective, navigate to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {product-title} web console *Administrator* perspective, go to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.
```

Author: Out of scope, but fixing anyway

> . Type {loki-op} in the *Filter by keyword* box. Click *{loki-op}* in the list of available Operators, then click *Install*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Type {loki-op} in the *Filter by keyword* field. Click *{loki-op}* in the list of available Operators, and then click *Install*.
```

. Select *Enable operator-recommended cluster monitoring on this namespace.*
+
This option sets the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label in the `Namespace` object. You must select this option to ensure that cluster monitoring scrapes the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace.

. For *Update approval* select *Automatic*, then click *Install*.
+

> If the approval strategy in the subscription is set to *Automatic*, the update process initiates as soon as a new Operator version is available in the selected channel. If the approval strategy is set to *Manual*, you must manually approve pending updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the approval strategy in the subscription is set to *Automatic*, the update process starts as soon as a new Operator version is available in the selected channel. If the approval strategy is set to *Manual*, you must manually approve pending updates.
```

Author: Out of scope

.Verification

> . Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.
```
